README.md, before:

# Dead Agent - Mauerfall Artwork Repository

This repository is dedicated to storing the artwork for the Dead Agent - Mauerfall album. It contains SVG animations that are used in the album's visuals, among other tidbits.

## Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

The Dead Agent - Mauerfall album is a collection of electronic music created by [artist/band name]. This repository serves as a centralized location for storing the artwork associated with the album.

## Usage

To use the artwork in your project, simply clone this repository or download the desired SVG animations. You are free to modify and adapt the artwork to suit your needs, as long as you comply with the license terms (see [License](#license) section).

## Contributing

Contributions to this repository are welcome. If you have any artwork that you would like to contribute, please follow the guidelines outlined in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## License

The artwork in this repository is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](LICENSE). Please make sure to review and comply with the license terms before using the artwork.

Commit message:

Update the README.md to not say ENTER BAND NAME HERE

README.md, after:

# Dead Agent - Mauerfall Artwork Repository

This repository is dedicated to storing the artwork for the Dead Agent - Mauerfall album. It contains SVG animations that are used in the album's visuals, among other tidbits.

## Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

The Dead Agent - Mauerfall is an album of remixes of Dead Agent songs by other artists. This repository serves as a centralized location for storing the artwork associated with the album.

## Usage

To use the artwork in your project, simply clone this repository or download the desired SVG animations. You are free to modify and adapt the artwork to suit your needs, as long as you comply with the license terms (see [License](#license) section).

## Contributing

Contributions to this repository are welcome. If you have any artwork that you would like to contribute, please follow the guidelines outlined in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## License

The artwork in this repository is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](LICENSE). Please make sure to review and comply with the license terms before using the artwork.
